great ingredients serve piping hot a
perfect combination like you and pick
and pay so yeah I think that's that's
brilliant that's brilliant so I'm going
to coolly luck but this for now but I
mean you don't have to feel bad because
I'm sure you're not the only woman out
there that burnt your head with a with a
hair straightener so don't worry too
much but anyway we are in the kitchen
and you are about to get cleared up on
what you can make for dinner tonight and
with us we have shape Michael Willie
fear there's the only good morning
Michael you well thank you and you I'm
very well I see you bringing out the big
guns today absolutely yeah yeah what are
we what are we making we're making of
course another chicken dish that's all I
know is absolutely chicken chicken
dishes this week what we're doing is
we're doing some chicken thighs and I'm
going to make a pistol with a difference
Peter stone mr. is normally made with
with sweet basil and pine nuts yeah so
we're going to do we're going to do a
less expensive version that's very and
use spinach and peanuts I've never made
pesto I've always just blew it you know
now you can see how I'm gonna see how
timing may even throw fantastic so here
we've got our chicken base we've done
them on the one side already yeah so
what if you just disturbing popped into
some olive oil okay and we seasoned them
on me on the skin side yeah and now we
just get to season the money on the
underside so just kind of just fry them
like unbiased if you let's leave them
and just let the get get the temperature
down load off and crispy they are and
they go lovely and crispy the skin
crisps up beautifully yeah
listen to that sizzle and they're
they're fantastic very nice right so now
we'll just leave these and they're just
quietly cook until they're quietly cook
until they're done they're wonderful
crisp skin I like that off there's
nothing like a nice crispy chicken skin
winner okay now to get to the pistol I
very very interested see how we're gonna
make this right so what we'll do is
we'll get the the top off here and we'll
put the spinach in here okay join a
whole bag of spinach yeah and just be
just be careful because we have a habit
of calling and Swiss chard in this
country spinach Swiss chard that they
that they sort of hard green yes yeah
which is which is lovely but it's a very
different two very different vegetable
all right so what do it is we'll just
we'll just break this down a little bit
here we go and then we get to put in
some lemon zest some lemon zest I know a
man's it's absolutely so how much lemon
zest you put where I'm going to do the
put the whole one okay so while you are
busy doing that lemon zest right there i
just want to remind our viewers this
week that you can win a million smart
shopper points at your pick and pay this
week now all you need to do is go
purchase any one of 18 product you can
find a full list of products on the
picket by website and also at any of the
thinking for the smart soft chopper
kiosk in your spec and paste working a
print out a list but what happens if you
buy a product or one of those 18
products did you stand the chance of
willing a million points with your small
chocolate caught so can you matter what
you do with a million points Michael
what would you do with a million points
I would probably give some of it to
charity that's because dick and bake and
donate it on your behalf absolutely and
then I would split them with it in my
shopping basket bedding okay well I know
for a fact that one of the products
would be skinless chicken breasts now
we've cooked with them twice this
weekend so if you go by skinless chicken
breast that will make you eligible to
win that million points Justin sounds
nice million to win a million points
right so now we've what I've done is
I've created the lemon rind into here
now we're just going to put the juice in
okay so you put the juice and the grind
of the body quilter the text this is
six and as a zest for life this is
called a lemon reamer I've got a lemon
ring that I bought in him than 40 years
ago i saw i still use it at home right
so here we go we just
we'll just work that in mice and then a
nuts are we good Israeli add the nuts
oops it's not working at this hahaha you
got turn around there we go yeah
first time I've used as machines
pretty well right the noise okay now in
some olive oil going in there okay
you're gonna come across me on the top
yep see your chickens are still now I
send well they're frying they they're
doing really well and are we going to
give 150 milliliters of olive oil 150
miles of olive oil yeah this isn't
changing yes i will put in a couple of
blogs yeah yes now All Right girls
nice now what
just take the top of here and square
things down see now that's really nice
of cleaning but look at that now if you
if you want to you can actually not
going to put any more olive oil it if
you want to you can not take it to a to
smooth and you can have a little bit of
a little bit of texture there put in
some salt there's no trust back view
pepper connection that should do it will
just would've Carson in it again I think
that's fine all right now what we'll do
is hide but that's no fresh very very
afraid out you put some parsley and let
it also make it basically okay what I'm
going to do is I didn't say this in the
in the recipe yeah but I think we'll
just add a little bit to be on the
piston to this nice pasta here but there
can be nice post on fish so really goes
well forget about it I know and then
we'll just toss that through yeah just
give it a little bit of nice my greenery
going on there
and enough of that pop that on this
place this is sort of enough for books
open enough for one person
very nice see how that plays are done
they will pop oh look at this on top
and then we'll just put a spoonful of
the this on top of each PC chair Oh
beautiful look at that is such an easy
quick and easy and a wonderful wonderful
supper dish yeah yeah yeah ezel them
easy easy like that lady you would like
this recipe all you need to do is SMS
spinach that is the word so it's listed
three three seven to eight and we'll
send you on that recipe so this goes
obviously they're onto the green green
vest under then dreamin dreamin there we
go Michael thank you so much I'm gonna
have it a little bit later but did you
notice all the trees in CA oh yes
standing no that is fantastic and that
is because of all the day that starts
today now I'm pick up a together with a
set of trees for Africa donated already
twenty thousand trees over the past ten
years and all provinces and this week
they will be doing it again they will
keep donating those trees or planting
those trees so go get your trees you can
buy trees at pick and pay you can buy
yellow wood trees day you can also buy
your faults olive trees day so make a
difference by a tree go plant a tree
because the more trees we plants the
better for our planets and I think I
just sounded like Captain Planet are
there but anyways we'll see you right
after the break stay with expresar and a
SE vc 3